Clarify restrictions on fill patterns. (#3789)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/annotations.tex

The \lstinline!FillPattern! attributes \lstinline!Horizontal!, \lstinline!Vertical!, \lstinline!Cross!, \lstinline!Forward!, \lstinline!Backward! and \lstinline!CrossDiag! specify fill patterns drawn with the line color over the fill color.

The attributes \lstinline!HorizontalCylinder!, \lstinline!VerticalCylinder! and \lstinline!Sphere! specify gradients that represent a horizontal cylinder, a vertical cylinder and a sphere, respectively.
Gradients are defined for the geometry of a \lstinline!GraphicItem! before its \lstinline!rotation! is applied.
The coloring is defined for an enclosing shape, and then clipped to the actual shape of the \lstinline!GraphicItem!.

> For \lstinline!HorizontalCylinder! and \lstinline!VerticalCylinder!, the minimal enclosing axis-parallel rectangle is used, while \lstinline!Sphere! uses the smallest enclosing ellipse.

Reviewer: Pinging @HansOlsson.

The \lstinline!FillPattern! attributes \lstinline!Horizontal!, \lstinline!Vertical!, \lstinline!Cross!, \lstinline!Forward!, \lstinline!Backward! and \lstinline!CrossDiag! specify fill patterns drawn with the line color over the fill color.

The attributes \lstinline!HorizontalCylinder!, \lstinline!VerticalCylinder! and \lstinline!Sphere! specify gradients that represent a horizontal cylinder, a vertical cylinder and a sphere, respectively.
The gradients colors are defined considering full rectangles (ignoring rounded corners) and full ellipses (ignoring arcs).
For polygons the gradients are defined on the enclosing rectangle (for \lstinline!HorizontalCylinder!, \lstinline!VerticalCylinder!) or ellipse (for \lstinline!Sphere!).

> The color gradient attains the fill color at the center, and attains the line color at two of the sides of the rectangle or the border of the ellipse.

Reviewer: To clearly rule out one of the gradients we have seen in images posted in this PR, this needs to be more clear for the cylinders:

```suggestion
For \lstinline!HorizontalCylinder!, the gradient attains the fill color along the horizontal line dividing the enclosing rectangle at the center, and the line color at the two horizontal sides of the rectangle.
The \lstinline!VerticalCylinder! is defined analogously to \lstinline!HorizontalCylinder!, but using vertical lines.
For \lstinline!Sphere!, the gradient attains the fill color at the center of the enclosing ellipse, and the line color along the entire border of the ellipse.
```

The attributes \lstinline!HorizontalCylinder!, \lstinline!VerticalCylinder! and \lstinline!Sphere! specify gradients that represent a horizontal cylinder, a vertical cylinder and a sphere, respectively.
The gradient goes from line color to fill color.
For polygons the gradients are defined on the enclosing rectangle (for \lstinline!HorizontalCylinder!, \lstinline!VerticalCylinder!) or circle (for \lstinline!Sphere!).

> For ellipses the gradients are defined such that the perimeter has line color.

Reviewer: Is this a more clear way of expressing it?
```suggestion
The color gradient attains the fill color at the center of the band or the center of the enclosing ellipse, and attains the line color at the two borders of the band or the border of the ellipse.
```

Reviewer: Resolving outdated conversation.

> The gradients colors are defined considering full rectangles (ignoring rounded corners) and full ellipses (ignoring arcs).

Reviewer: It would also be better to put this sentence before the sentence above, so that we first complete the specification of the enclosing band/ellipse, before speaking of the coloring.

> The gradients colors are defined considering full rectangles (ignoring rounded corners) and full ellipses (ignoring arcs).

Reviewer: Will start over based on new text.  Resolving.
